[{"explanation": "Currently, Rajeev is not receiving feedback and remedial instruction for his work which are an integral part of deliberate practice.", "question": "Every morning, Rajeev spends an hour alone drawing a portrait from a photograph in the day\u2019s newspaper to improve his portraiture skills (skills drawing a portrait). Yet, despite a year of practice, his drawing skills do not seem to improved. Why might simply practicing a portrait a day not yield an improvement?", "correct": ["Because he doesn't have a mentor who diagnoses his problems about painting. He doesn't get immediate feedback and remedial training."], "choices": ["Even without deliberate practice, Rajeev could improve his skill by practice. If his skill doesn't improve at all, that is not a problem of deliberate practice, it's a problem that he didn't practice the same skill every day. He is not practicing a specific skill (draw the eye of the portrait). Although the lack of feedback is also important, it's more important to focus on the same practice)", "The task of creating a portrait is a complex one and should be studied step by step rather than in full. Hence, Rajeev should identify what parts of the portrait are problematic and practice them regularly instead of drawing new full portrait every day.", "lack of deliberate practice, to say, always practice a general and broad task set without pinpointing where exactly is not good.", "Because he doesn't have a mentor who diagnoses his problems about painting. He doesn't get immediate feedback and remedial training."]}, {"explanation": "I don't think so. Because he does not have the expertise to give himself corrective feedback.", "question": "Dan wants to improve his golf game. Every day, he practices one golf stroke for an hour, and records his practice session on video. After his practice, he watches the recording, and plans on what changes to make the next day. Assume he has no other golf instruction. Is Dan engaged in deliberate practice? Why?", "correct": ["Dan is not engaged in deliberate practice because he is missing expert feedback. He may be unable to precisely diagnose his mistakes and/or to formulate an optimal plan to address them without supervision. Additionally waiting until the next day to address problems undermines his ability to relate errors to corrections and further removes his routine from deliberate practice."], "choices": ["no, because he needs an instructor to provide informative feedback", "No. Deliberate practice requires feedback from an external expert, be that a human expert or an agent. Also, he is not making adjustments frequent enough", "no.there's no external resource to provide feedback to him", "Dan is not engaged in deliberate practice because he is missing expert feedback. He may be unable to precisely diagnose his mistakes and/or to formulate an optimal plan to address them without supervision. Additionally waiting until the next day to address problems undermines his ability to relate errors to corrections and further removes his routine from deliberate practice."]}, {"explanation": "Your hard work has paid off! Keep up with the great work!", "question": "Mark is learning to play the guitar. After long hours of practice, he mastered playing his favorite song. Write one growth-mindset building feedback his instructor could give him.", "correct": ["As Mark has practiced fo long hours, he has probably overcome many difficulties while learning his favorite song. The instructor should point out these difficulties and how Mark overcame them as constructive feedback which can help build the growth-mindset by highlighting that he has already grown from his initial stage."], "choices": ["As Mark has practiced fo long hours, he has probably overcome many difficulties while learning his favorite song. The instructor should point out these difficulties and how Mark overcame them as constructive feedback which can help build the growth-mindset by highlighting that he has already grown from his initial stage.", "You did a great job putting efforts into practice and it paid off!", "You have improved a lot!", "Amazing job! Great persistent on your learning."]}, {"explanation": "Not really, jigsaw does not help students understand the brain or intelligence which is a prerequisite for a growth mindset.", "question": "Many teachers who have used Jigsaw report that students start to see themselves in a different light -- as more competent, likable, and positive contributors to the classroom. Does the Jigsaw method create a growth-intelligence mindset?", "correct": ["I would say no, because growth mindset is an idea that through struggling one can do better and Jigsaw does not really do this. Moreover, students usually misunderstand even why jigsaw works."], "choices": ["I would say no, because growth mindset is an idea that through struggling one can do better and Jigsaw does not really do this. Moreover, students usually misunderstand even why jigsaw works.", "Yes, students are encouraged to learn , express, they are seeing others rely on themselves and see themselves improve.", "Yes, because it gives them the confidence that they can master a concept enough to teach others and help others do well when tested on that concept.", "According to the reading, Carlos changed his mindset because his groupmates think he was someone they could work with and someone they could appreciate."]}]